Dr. Giovanni Campanile is a well-respected cardiologist with extensive experience in modern cardiology treatment and techniques. Since 1999, he has headed two separate cardiology practices, serving at Montclair Cardiology Group, P.A., of Glen Ridge, New Jersey, as Chief of Cardiology and Managing Partner. He also works as Cardiac Catheterization Lab Director at Advanced Cardiology of Key West, located at Lower Keys Medical Center. Dr. Giovanni Campanile's Florida practice has developed an advanced cardiology center and is affiliated with Columbia University's Division of Cardiology at Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami. At both practices, Dr. Campanile embraces a whole-patient approach, educating patients on nutrition as prevention of heart disease, as well as keeping the disease manageable in patients already in treatment. Dr. Campanile has moved his New Jersey practice to The Cardiology Center of New Jersey, 50 Newark Ave, Suite 204, Belleville, New Jersey, 07109; and 123 Highland Ave, Suite G2, Glen Ridge, New Jersey 07028, telephone (973) 450-2158. Dr. Giovanni Campanile gained extensive knowledge and experience at such well-known hospitals as Saint Barnabas Medical Center, Mountainside Hospital, Lenox Hill Hospital, and Columbia University Medical Center. In addition to clinical practice, Dr. Giovanni Campanile holds a post as Assistant Professor of Medicine with Columbia University's division of cardiology at Mount Sinai Medical Center. He also serves at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, as Assistant Professor of Medicine. Dr. Giovanni Campanile has an advanced degree in nutrition from the Institute of Integrative Nutrition. He is President of the Monroe County Medical Society and Director of the Cardiac Catheterization Laboratory at Lower Keys Medical Center, Key West, Florida. Dr. Giovanni Campanile started the invasive cardiology program in Key West, which has one of the highest success rates and lowest complication rates in the nation. Additionally, he performed the very first heart stent procedure in the Florida Keys and started a very successful radial artery (wrist artery) catheterization program, which increases patient comfort and reduces complications. At Harvard Medical School, Dr. Giovanni Campanile undertook a fellowship in clinical and interventional cardiology, completing it in 1991. During his f