A wide contributor within the industry, Kenneth Goldman has been a leading dealer and trader of rare coins, paper money and antiques for over 50 years. Ken Goldman has helped individuals assess product value, avoid unprofitable transactions, and complete specialty collections. Serving as primary dealer with his independent agency since age 18, Kenneth Goldman has established intimate ties to collectors and dealers across the nation and has handled millions of dollars worth of rare coins. Kenneth Goldman is a member of the Round Table Trading Group--the Largest & Most Trusted Network of Coin Dealers in the World. As well, Mr. Goldman is a lifetime member of the American Numismatic Assoc. (For over 50 years), member of the Professional Numismatics Guild for over 35 years ([PHONE]) and membership with virtually all major numismatic organizations, Mr. Goldman began collecting coins at the age of six and started trading rare coins by age 10. Continuing to attend national coin conventions and auctions today, he attends nearly all industry events held in the United States. Earning his qualification as an expert witness for the Federal Trade Commission and the New York Attorney General’s office, he has appraised and valued rare coins for government agencies and individuals. Mr. Goldman is a long term member of the Professional Coin Grading Service and to the Numismatic Guaranty Corporation. Since 1975, he has contributed his knowledge to A Guidebook of United States Coins, helping establish the publication as the country’s numismatic standard. Mr. Goldman has been consultant to rare coin dealers, auction houses, as well as private collectors. Kenneth Goldman is an avid collector, writer, and researcher of other specialty pieces, including automatic musical instruments, antique slot machines and trade simulators, Wedgwood pottery, musical and automated pocket watches, and snuffboxes, among other collectables. For his efforts, he was afforded a position as consultant and cataloger for Sotheby’s, Christie's, as well as Bonhams Auction Galleries. Kenneth Goldman is well qualified to assist in formation and liquidation of coins and other collectibles. We give free rare coin appraisals to individuals located in the Newton, Needham, Westwood, Dedham, Dover, Norwood, Wellesley, Walpole, or Weston areas as well as throughout the USA.