Kraig Rasmussen is: A freelance illustrator, creator, writer. A sometime Bay Area resident. A part time denizen of Hollywood. Enthralled with story for it’s life-decrypting magic and cathartic process, I embraced the skills of story craft from a very young age, eschewing all other destinies. Since 2004 I’ve been self-publishing comics, beginning with “Mothspy”, learning on-the-go, and in the interim, attending the Academy of Art SF for fine art/illustration. I am currently working to tell a handful of developed, personal stories, try my hand as an art gun-for-hire, and make my first feature film. I am a regular participant/volunteer at The Cartoon Art Museum in San Francisco, a frequent speaker in the DIY seminars at the Alternative Press Expo SF, and an occasional guest artist at events such as “Nightlife” at the California Academy of Sciences. Recently, I was given the opportunity to provide illustrations for Ronin Studios’ The Great Cycle #1. The mystical adventure bent of it immediately drew me in, as well as the chance to draw lavish Mayan ruins and costumes. I spend a lot of my free time researching history and culture, I love me a good National Geographic experience, and enjoy speculating on, (possibly embellishing), our cultural origins for the sake of fiction. This story felt like a natural move for me. In addition, I am a contract artist, providing illustrations and fine art for a variety of businesses and private clients, ranging from single illustrations and comics, to oils on canvas and watercolor. My current projects include two different independent comics, and readying the revamp of my website monkeygong.com for my own brand new web-comic “The Secret Origin of Dylan Drake”. Once my web-series concludes, I am aiming at June for the start of an approved kickstarter campaign for the upcoming (and half done) OGN “Rocketboy: In the Radio Zone”. [So please stay tuned on that!] Fun and relaxation for me entail movies, interwebs, music, dancing to deep bass and hard beats, climbing, martial arts, my cat, human relationships. I enjoy the tweeting quite a lot, though I am intermittent. Podcasts: HUGE fan of the nerdist podcast and network of shows, Kevin Pollak’s Chat Show, star-talk radio with Neil Degrasse Tyson, inkstuds, and sidebar nation, (and I’m always looking for more!)