I’m Elaine Schoch (pronounced Shock). I began writing Carpe Travel after I left the corporate world and began life as a self-employed public relations and marketing consultant. You see, I started to see life a little differently and needed to change things up. A few years earlier my dad had been diagnosed with aggressive lung cancer and died a few weeks later (yes, weeks). His “someday I’ll do this or that” never happened. My first “someday” happened a few months later when I became a causality of the tech bubble bursting and lost my job. It was time to go somewhere. See something new. Unfortunately, or maybe fortunately depending on how you look at it, I had just bought my first house, so I couldn’t really strap on my backpack and “take off”. So I settled for hitting New Orleans for Jazz Fest. I made my “someday” list on that trip and started making things happen when I got home. It took a few years to save the cash but by then I also had enough professional experience (and contacts) to make a living doing consulting. And so I do. I’m now married to “The Husband” and we have two little Princesses, Princess One and Princess Two. You’d think our traveling days would have slowed down, on the contrary. The Princesses are two very well traveled little people who now help map out our destinations and activities. But, there are still those “no kids allowed” trips that continue to be added to the new “make it happen” list. And so we do a lot of traveling without the kids as well. I mean really, there are a lot of places one just does not want to take kids, albeit I have been known to take them to five-star restaurants and wine tastings. In addition to Carpe Travel, I handle public relations and social media initiatives for several technology start ups. I also am involved with Social Venture Partners and sit on the board for Denver Urban Scholars, a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping metro Denver students with the greatest need graduate high school and enter higher education.