Katherine Crockett began studying dance at the age of 4. At 14 she joined Ballet Met. At 16, she moved to New York to attend S.U.N.Y. Purchase and the Martha Graham School . She joined the Martha Graham Dance Company and quickly rose to the rank of Principal dancer and danced and toured internationally with the company for 21 years.Crockett starred as The Queen in the Off-Broadway immersive theater hit, Queen of the Night, for which she created and choreographed her role.She is Cate Blanchett's dancer double in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button starring Blanchett and Brad Pitt, directed by David Fincher.Crockett is featured in a scene with Meryl Streep​ in the film "Ricki and the Flash" directed by Jonathan Demme.Crockett played Helen in SITICompany's production of Trojan Women ( after Euripedes) , directed by Anne Bogart.She is the star of Fall to Rise, award winning feature film written and directed by Jayce Bartok, co-starring Daphne Rubin-Vega, Tamara Tunie and Desmond Richardson.She starred alongside Mikhail Baryshnikov as Helen in Richard Move's "Achilles Heels-The Show".She has been televised in Martha Graham's Appalachian Spring (PBS), Herodiade (PBS), and the iconic solo Lamentation (BBC). She performed Lamentation for Kosovo's Return festival hosted by Vanessa Redgrave.Crockett performed as Amneris, in Placido Domingo's "Aida" with the Washington Opera choreographed by Nilas Martins. She has also been featured in works by Robert Wilson, Lucinda Childs, Martha Clarke, Larry Keigwin, Yvonne Rainer, Susan Stroman, and Anne Bogart .Crockett has performed at the Cannes Film Festival, the VH1/Vogue Fashion Awards, and the Gala of the Stars. She has performed on the runways of Alexander McQueen, John Galliano and Victoria's Secret and modeled for such esteemed photographers as Herb Ritts, and Albert WatsonMs. Crockett starred in Richard Move's film Bardo, ( Lincoln Center Dance on Camera Festival in 2009) and collaborated with filmmaker Caroline Koebel in the film 'Grand Central'. She starred in the film (Black) Light by Dierdre Towers, shown as a part of the 2011 Dance on Camera Festival. She starred in Salome, a dance film by Stephen Pier, filmed by Yaniv ( Nev) Schulman ( Catfish))'. She played the lead role in And I Will Rise If Only to Hold You Down, by Jennifer Reeder. She was featured in the short film 'The White Box" by Micheal Bassett. Crockett choreographs, dances, and performs internationally.