I'm an East Coast transplant residing in Los Angeles, California. My passion for art and design pushed me west in pursuit of my design career. I am a young, driven, and eager artist with 4 years of design experience under my belt and the confidence to take charge in any situation. My weapons of choice are Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Fireworks and Indesign. Much of my drive comes from new experiences and the ability to build myself and to grow, professionally and creatively. I attended Castleton University in Vermont, where I was able to establish a solid foundation for an array of art mediums and begin to develop my design techniques. While in school I was hired as the school paper’s layout designer. While working there I was responsible for the composition of the paper, editing, meeting tight deadlines and making sure the arrangement was correct and functional. My fervor for design led me to a design internship at Awesome Graphics in Rutland Vermont. Since graduating I have emerged myself into freelance; I was able to gain an array of clients. In 2013 I was hired as a Freelance Designer for the Vermont Brewery Festival. The Event Director contracted me to edit their information booklet as well as re-design badges for the employees. Project duration was 3 months and was all Indesign based. In 2014 I was contracted by White Flag Sales as their Freelance Graphic Designer. Projects for them included promotional event designs with collateral apparel and social media graphics. This connection lead me to collaborate with Burton Snowboards and Mizu Water bottles. The last two years I have designed the shirts and promotional material for Slash and Berm, an annual banked slalom that is sponsored by Burton Snowboards, Killington Mountain Resort, and the Molly Fund. Through Mizu I was able to collaborate with accounts throughout New England to create unique bottle designs for their company. I'm a perfectionist, but not rigid with my designs. I posses a keen eye for detail, craftsmanship, creative thinking, and a thoughtful approach to everything design. I'm always on the lookout for any projects, be they small or large