Dr. Atef Zakhary laid the groundwork for his career in medicine in Egypt at Cairo University. There, he completed his Doctor of Medicine and then satisfied his internship requirements at Cairo University’s Kasr El Ainy Hospital. Dr. Zakhary spent the next four years in internship and residency in Egypt, receiving valuable training in obstetrics and gynecology before immigrating to the United States. Doctors who train abroad must acquire certification to practice in the United States. Dr. Atef Zakhary completed the Foreign Medical Graduates Examination in the Medical Sciences (FMGEMS), thus earning the right to practice medicine in the country. At one point, he held licensure to practice medicine in three states, Utah, New Jersey, and Florida. In addition, he displayed the competencies required to become Board certified in Internal Medicine (since 1998) and Obstetrics and Gynecology (since 2005). Dr. Zakhary holds a number of distinguished professional memberships, chiefly as a member of the American Medical Association. Dr. Atef Zakhary is the President and Lead Physician at the Omni Medical Center for Women, specializing in high-risk pregnancies, including induced labor and birth by Caesarean section. Since opening his practice in 1999, Dr. Zakhary has provided Tampa-area women with quality medical service. Drawing on his 25 years of experience in OB/GYN, Dr. Atef Zakhary and Omni Medical Center for Women are one of Tampa women’s top picks for OB/GYN services, coming in at number two on RateMDs.com. Dr. Atef Zakhary is the only doctor in the Tampa Bay area who offers his patients vaginal birth after Caesarean section (VBAC). In addition, he performs high-order Caesarean deliveries for patients who have had more than three prior Caesarean sections, and holds a record of performing the eighth Caesarean section at Tampa General Hospital. He accepts morbidly obese patients with maternal weights of 500 or more pounds who are unable to procure prenatal care elsewhere. In his free time, Dr. Atef Zakhary enjoys coaching basketball at a local middle school, donating his time and service to Tampa Mayor Bob Buckhorn, and playing bridge. A multi-talented individual, he once played bridge professionally and is fluent in Arabic.