Sabrina Renee Lewis was born on September 12, 1977 to John Henry and Mary Carol Lewis. She is a native of Queens, NY and is currently a resident of Fuquay-Varina, NC. Elder Lewis is a graduate of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology. It was during her matriculation that she had a life-changing encounter with Jesus Christ and dedicated her life to Him. At the age of 19, she began her journey toward ministry and purpose, serving in numerous capacities within her local church and community. In April 2011, Elder Lewis was elevated and now serves as Associate Pastor at The Dream Center Church of Raleigh, under the direction of Bishop J. Donald Edwards, Jr. and Pastor Erika G. Edwards. Having a heart for those who are new to ministry and trying to find their way, she plays a critical role in the training, development and encouragement of upcoming leaders, armor bearers and adjutants. Quickly becoming known for her prophetic accuracy and an anointing to bring about deliverance and encouragement, Associate Pastor Lewis has been chosen by God to preach and teach the uncompromised Word of God. Her personal ministry endeavor, A Word in Season Ministries, is based on Isaiah 50:4 "The Lord GOD hath given me the tongue of the learned, that I should know how to speak a word in season to him that is weary". Elder Lewis believes that anyone who is weary or discouraged, no matter the cause, can find life, restoration, healing and renewal in the Word of God, and seeks daily to speak such a Word into the lives of those who have been forgotten and disregarded. Elder Lewis also ministers as a psalmist, and serves as praise and worship leader at The Dream Center Church of Raleigh. She has utilized several opportunities to record professionally, and has sung background vocals for several local and national recording artists. Of all her accomplishments, Elder Lewis considers motherhood to be one of her greatest achievements. She is the proud mother of Abijah Samuel, born April 12, 2001. Elder Lewis continues to be committed to a life of service to God and to His people