I’ve always been an engineer, more specifically an automotive engineer. Before I could walk, I was disassembling Hess trucks. Next: building everything under the sun with Legos. By the time I was 15, I was assembling junior dragster race engines. In 2014, I graduated from Virginia Tech with a Bachelors Degree in Industrial and Systems Engineering, with a minor in Green Engineering. In the classroom, I specialized in mechanical and automotive problem solving, statistical systems, event simulation, and even management and leadership. But it has been my out-of-classroom experience that defines me. Playing the role of Ergonomics sub-team leader on the Virginia Tech Formula Team, (Society of Automotive Engineers - Industrial Systems Engineering) I began shaping my leadership skills, giving me a great opportunity to learn in a practical way, and do something I love simultaneously. I began my career at Ford Motor Company in Livonia, Michigan as a Workstation Optimization Engineer in Powertrain Manufacturing Engineering. In July, 2016, my focus became Process Engineering in global, Flexible Cylinder Head Assembly. My time spent launching cutting edge manufacturing systems on the plant floor has been an incredible learning experience. With nearly two decades of hands-on mechanical diagnosis and repair experience, I was raised in the garage, tools in hand. Now, I'm working on a team, becoming a leader, and striving everyday to accomplish a set of goals in a real world, corporate and manufacturing setting. I believe in blueprinting, building, assembling, and testing. My passion for automotive technology runs deeper than just getting behind the wheel, but I'm lucky enough to still get the chance in a big-block Chevy-powered, four-link Dragster. With a "built, not bought" engine and drive train, the passion for drag racing drives my success behind the wheel. I have formulated a set of goals both short and long term for my racing program and my career. Of course, these goals, and my success, would not be obtainable without the help and knowledge of my father and mother, Gerard and Sherrie, who have taught me just about everything I know.