Never known through his pseudonym "ThePuzzledboy", Hunter Graham does not wanting you calling him Nathaniel. It's his first name, and he considers it a strange, if fitting, name. He also wonders why he's talking about himself in the third person other than to look the tiniest bit professional, but darn it, he's gonna continue anyway because he's a stupid and either humble or self-deprecating human being. He honestly can't decide which. Born to a hard-working mother and a deplorable, miserable father (who no longer lives with either) in Dallas, TX on January 9, 1998, Hunter and his family moved to the small town of Rockdale in 2000. From the beginning, he has had a strange interest in technology and a huge love for retro computing, reflected by his interest in science fiction, and later his current favorite TV show, Doctor Who. Similarly, he loves video games, specifically retro gaming. This was primarily helped by his first gaming console, the Nintendo 64 (a console that he can still use today, and no, it is not going to be sold in the foreseeable future), being the only console he ever owned until Christmas 2009, when he received a Wii for a Christmas gift. Speaking of video games, retro gaming, and British things, another favorite franchise of his (unironically) is Sonic the Hedgehog. He loves some of the games (and hates others, enjoyed the Archie comics (up to a point, one in particular supergenesiswave), likes the TV shows (again, up to a point sonicx), loves watching the OVA, and absolutely loves the strangely intriguing yet obscure Fleetway comics (y'know, the one with the evil Super Sonic). Other interests include memes (dated and dead ones in particular), online video creation, denim suits, TV Tropes (they're really not kidding when they say they'll ruin your life), YouTube Poops (seriously, they are SO underrated), Linux, criticizing things (nowadays trying to have the best of intentions when doing so), referring to himself in the third person, animation, comics, and the Department of Redundancy Department. (see what I mean? They're REALLY not kidding)