Hello, I am Jeremy Patrick Martin, and I have been an experienced electrician since the spring of 1994. I have a long and demonstrated history of working in the construction industry. I am highly qualified for power and communications installation, troubleshooting, and repair with several decades of field experience from commercial, industrial, and military civilian construction contracts. I have worked as an electrical specialist for Google data centers and also have done automation and data work for Amazon. I am proficient at troubleshooting and repairing robots and automation at Ford plant Norfolk, and cranes at shipyards, as well as shipping terminals. I am skilled in data, communications, electrical wiring, and troubleshooting controls. I graduated with an Electrical Journeyman's License with Certifications from Tidewater Joint Apprenticeship and Training Committee five year class of 2001. My Journeyman's license is always kept up to date with continuing education. I have been working with computers since the mid 1980's and I enjoy coding with HTML & CSS although I have no formal training for it. I have done occasional freelance website development in the past. I have taken several years of music lessons which means I can compose music notation. I am proficient in percussion, lead guitar, keyboards, and vocals with decades of live stage experience. I am extremely proficient with the five string electric bass guitar, which is my instrument of choice, playing all genres with a specialization in funk rock, which is my preferred style of music. I can also play by ear, improvise, and I have a well seasoned and professional stage presence interacting well with most audiences. I am effective at profitably monetizing a band. I am unaffiliated with any political party. I enjoy studying political and economic science and history. My current reading list is so hefty that I have resorted to audio books while driving. My favorite topics are: U.S. history of Reconstruction into the Progressive era, The Spanish Revolution of 1936, and the world history of labor in general. I am a vocal pro-labor, pro-civil rights, and anti-establishment centered secular progressive freethinker. I am unapologetically atheist.