BIOGRAPHY Heather Rogers is an award winning magician and motivator who has presented magical programs at over 3,500 public and private events ranging in all sizes and venues, ranging from Barack Obama’s Inaugural Ball in D.C. to the Wonder Dome in Las Vegas. As a trained actor and solo performing artist Heather has also written and produced 5 one-woman shows that ran in many theaters in San Francisco including Venue 9’s Women’s Work Theatre Festival, The Shelton Theatre, The Marsh Theatre and many others. She has coached groups and individuals in sleight of hand magic and presented several trainings on “Magic for Marketers.” She has customized keynotes for organizations such as Oracle,Young Presidents Organization, Unisource, the National Speakers Association and many others. Heather’s is driven by the vision of helping others crack the code to their unlimited power and to live more magical lives. THE MAKING OF A MAGICIAN Heather performed her first gorilla show at age six. Her captivated family watched as she poured a glass of water into her pocket (having pinned a plastic bag inside the lining), she then made her stomach growl like a drum beat (by pulling a radio cord out from under her coveralls and plugging it into the wall socket). After this command performance, her destiny was sealed. When Heather was 20 years old, she followed her heart and ran away with the Pickle Family Circus and became their first Technical Apprentice. That year her dream of performing with the Pickles came true when she was a featured performer in their winter season run at the Palace of Fine Arts Theatre in San Francisco. Heather’s circus apprenticeship opened the door to a 6 year career Free Lance Theatre Technician. During that time Heather served at the Technical Director of the San Francisco Mime Troupe and Olivier Entertainment. In Her serendipitous journey to becoming a professional magician Heather had many life experiences that continue to contribute to her life as a working artist. She has done everything from driving a school bus for 7 years, to teaching performance skills to inner-city youth, to performing in a professional dance company. The discovery of sleight of hand magic was a revelation to her because it elegantly joined together her love of performing, craft and her inquiry into the nature of consciousness. She has been delighting audiences with her magic professionally sin