I am not defined by the positions I have held (see below). I am defined by the content of my character and the essence of my being. I believe in taking total ownership of one's life, embodying integrity in all that we do. --- This means doing what I say I'm going to do and being dillegent enough to get it right the first time yet humble enough to admit whenI don't know, but I will find out --- It means aligning my present actions with my principles and core values --- Integrity, Humility and Perseverance --- At the end of the day, I am solely responsible for my own actions, a gift I do not take for granted. I am a lifelong student of the entirety of life itself, from business to sprirituality to the most inane subject; life is wonderful. I am perfect in my flaws and always progressing. Like us all, I was blessed with a set of gifts, ones which throughout my life I will leverage for the mutual benefit of myself and the world. I am an expert in Unmanned Aerial Vehicles and drone integration in the United States. I have published twice on the industry and speak to interested audiences as well. I currently work as the Manager of Sales Development at AppFolio where I lead a team of 20 SDRs. Previous to this, I was the Regional Sales Manager for Lanyon, responsible for the Western half of the United States and a team of 10. I was also the Director of Research and Development for a growing wholesale electronics recycler. You can view my LinkedIn here -->  I am the former Director of Operations at JustGood.org, a Bill Archer Graduate Fellow, Former Research Associate at the National Center for Policy Analysis and Marketing Manager at Sunstone Yoga North Dallas. I graduated from the Univerity of Texas at Dallas in 2013 finishing my Master of Public Policy degree. I've published twice on unmanned aerial vehicles and am fascinated by innovation and entrepreneurship. My passion lies in creating where nothing exists and I spend my free time keeping my finger on the pulse and iterating new business plans.