A medical student at the University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine, Chad Teven has taken a temporary leave from his medical studies to work as a Research Fellow at the Molecular Oncology Laboratory and the Laboratory of Craniofacial Development at the University of Chicago. Working under the auspices of Dr. Russell R. Reid, Chad Teven’s research focuses on tissue regeneration and craniofacial biology. His work explores new methods that repair facial skeletal damage, focusing on the role of a self-assembling peptide (Q11) that has the potential to facilitate bone growth and the potential use of Pulsed Electromagnetic Field Therapy (PEMFs) to repair defects in the craniofacial skeleton. Interested in plastic surgery and tissue regeneration, Chad Teven often delivers presentations on these topics to the medical community. Chad Teven has co-presented at medical conferences, discussing research that focused on new means of implementing pulsed electromagnetic fields to accelerated differentiation in stem cells, as well as the use of pre-mastectomy sentinel lymph node biopsies to improve breast reconstruction results. He and fellow researchers also presented studies related to bariatric surgery body contouring and the risk of malignancy in pancreatic duct strictures. Chad Teven received the Best Paper by a Medical Student Award at the 49th Annual Meeting of the Midwestern Association of Plastic Surgeons in 2010. Chad Teven donates much of his time to medical and charitable causes. Between 2008 and 2009, he filled the office of President of the Plastic Surgery Interest Group and assisted in the planning of the First Annual Medical Student Day at the annual American Society of Plastic Surgeons conference. As the President of an Adolescent Substance Abuse Program, Chad Teven educated Chicago teens and children about the dangers of drug and alcohol abuse. In 2010, Chad Teven traveled to Honduras as a medical volunteer, and in 2008, he served in Peru with Remedy, an organization that distributes exposed but unused medical supplies to communities in the developing world. Chad Teven majored in Brain, Behavior, and Cognitive Science at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor and graduated summa cum laude with his B.S. in 2007. He expects to receive his M.D. from the University of Chicago