Karen Perry was born and raised in Jacksonville, Florida and from an early age developed a passion for music. Born into a musical family, it was evident that Karen inherited that passion, and has gone on to create a unique vocal style that has made her a popular and sought after artist around the Florida music scene. She plays guitar, piano and writes. In addition to her solo work, she is also the other half of "take two" an acoustic duo with Scott Verville. She is currently seeking an opportunity to step out of the box and try something new with a full band. Her new release "Perfume and Gasoline" was written by Barbara Wilkinson, Sonya Wood and Tony Gunter. It was produced and recorded at QUAD Studios in Nashville TN. Karen was heavily influenced by a variety of genres, including Classic Rock, Blues, Country, Top 40 and good old fashion Rock'N'Roll, These combined helped develop her powerful Blues/Country voice. She has always believed in giving back to her community by offering her talents to a variety of charities and events to help the less fortunate and bring awareness to causes close to her heart. I would without a doubt say, my children, are my greatest accomplishment. However, my next music journey was just as important. I am 100% positive that I was born to be a part of it in some way, shape or form. I am honored. ‪#‎Music‬ is powerful enough to change lives. ‪I was asked to sing the theme song for The documentary, "Ashleighs Patience Project" it tells the story of the brutal events that took place on Friday, July 13th, 2012. No woman, child or family should ever have to go through this. Her story was also in COSMO Magazine. Unfortunately, I was unable to honor her memory with my music due to my schedule. However, I will continue to share her story every chance I get! Please visit the website:  ♥ Thank you Tara and Jim Woodlee for sharing Ashleigh with all of us ♥ "I can’t remember a time in my life where music wasn’t present. Music heals my soul. It is therapy for me. It is my best friend and always there. It’s so amazing to look out into the crowd and see a foot tapping, a smile on someone’s face, somebody singing along with me or dancing. I am very grateful for the gift I’ve been given. "My children keep me grounded and my music keeps me sane” Thank you for reading.