I grew up in the Malvern area and now live in West Chester. My first career was in EMS working as an EMT. I was ready to take the exam for paramedic when I had a career ending injury. I tried my hand at dispatching but it wasn't for me. I returned to school and found my new passion. I earned a Bachelor's degree from Drexel University in Behavioral and Addictions counseling. This gave me the opportunity to start my new career in mental health with Horizon House Inc. I've been working with Horizon House since October 2007 at their Community Crossroads Peer Support Center site. When I started with Community Crossroads I was working on my Master's degree in Psychology at University of Phoenix. The online experience was very challenging and having this advanced degree has already opened doors for me. Working at Community Crossroads has been both challenging and enlightening. It gives me the opportunity to combine my scholastic knowledge and the real life knowledge I have gained from learning how to deal with my Bipolar disorder. Community Crossroads operates like a "drop-in" center. Everyone who comes is there voluntarily, and everyone who comes is in a different place in their recovery. Some are very active in their recovery others are there for "a place to be" because they're also dealing with homeless issues. I'm still with Community Crossroads but was promoted to Recovery Support Coordinator in April. I am now the coordinator in charge of the CommonGround project. CommonGround is a web based program designed by Pat Deegan (if you don't know who she is, look her up. Her story is incredible - you can also go to patdeegan.com). CommonGround is designed to help mental health consumers communicate more effectively with their treatment team...primarily their psychiatrist. In addition, there is a HUGE resource library attached to the program. All resources have been verified for reliable content and all contain very little to no advertising. Coordinating this program has been a challenge beginning with when we worked to educate the providers about the report and how it can improve their relationship with the mental health consumers they treat. Personally, I'm easy going but I hate when people are fake. I also don't like stereotyping or oppression. I get especially frustrated with the way people with a mental illness and those who are homeless are treated. I have advocated in many areas for many people. I prefer open minded people who are not afraid to speak their mind about injustices where ever those injustices occur. There are many people who are in need and who do not know how to seek out that help. Many need an advocate and I am proud to call myself one. I especially like others who will do the same. I've been accused at times of going too far. I don't think there is such a thing as too far when an individual truly wants help and is doing everything they can do to try...a break and some support need to come from somewhere. Mind you, I'm talking about people who are trying to get better and/or better their own life. As far as me going too far, if it helps it's worth it...even if I go through a period of time where things may be uncomfortable for me. If it's the right thing to do, then it's the right thing to do. To quote Laurel Thatcher Ulrich, "Well behaved women seldom make history."