To answer your very first question, you can call me Manny. Nice to meet you! And my last name is pronounced “win.” I am a full-time wedding photographer. I moved to Pittsburgh in 2009 from San Diego, CA. What am I doing in Pittsburgh? Oh, I got sick of the clear skies, the multiple beaches, and the 60 degree winters. Not really. I decided to move here to be closer to family and to start a new life. A month after I moved here, my family packed up and moved back to California. Wait… what? No hidden meaning behind the sudden move right guys? …Guys? Pittsburgh greeted me with a hearty hello and a blizzard of the century. It was my first snowy winter ever. I had nothing more than a windbreaker and my snow shoes were mesh running shoes. Thank you Pittsburgh for showing me what it is like to walk in 6 inches of snow with “tennies” on. But life has been great here. People here are truly wonderful. I can say I became a Pittsburgher when I bought my first lawn chair to save my parking spot. What were we talking about? Oh, weddings. Yes, I am a wedding photographer. I was trained at San Diego City College. Since then, I got into wedding photography, trained with other professional photographers, and have been running my own small business ever since. You may have seen me on TLC’s Four Weddings(they won!). I wanted to specialize in taking photos of happy days. Wedding photography is hard work but when clients proudly show off their photos–there are no other happier feelings for me. I want you to have the simplest and best experience with your wedding photographer. Why? Because I will be at your side all day! You’re going to have to love your photographer if you’re going to make it through to the end of the day. I want your experience to be easy, fun, and beautiful. I know some clients just wants the photos and don’t care about the experience. Because of that, I may not be a fit for every client. That is OK! I care about making sure your photography needs are met and that your wedding day goes as smoothly as possible. We may only know each other for brief moment but years from now I want you to be able to think back and say, “My wedding photographer, Manny, he rocks! My first born is named after him!”