Dr. DuFresne is a scientist with a passion for teaching and sharing the joy and wonder of learning about how the world works and how we work. He’s enjoyed tutoring and guiding students to their academic goals since his own days in high school. His efforts and achievements allowed him to enter the research lab early in college and prepared him to assist his course professors with generating materials, creating exams, and leading help sessions for more than half of his college career as a biochemistry major at Worcester Polytechnic Institute. His doctoral research at The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine focused on molecular biology and virology and used drug intervention and radiation treatments to combat viral-associated blood-based cancers in human cells. Despite a lifelong avidity for cancer research and contributing to the pursuit of novel treatments, though, his favorite roles in science are to share it with others, help educate the public, and inform policy. Dr. DuFresne is developing a consortium of programs – So”sci”etal, Cortical Communications, and Evidentiary – within his own organization, the Integrated Scientific Inquiry and Engagement Consortium (ISIEC, pronounced EYE'-seek). Through So"sci"etal, ISIEC aims to advance science education with the MESH perspective, a cross-disciplinary, integrated style focused on blending Math, Engineering, Science, and Humanities and highlighting connections between science, history, economics, politics, and philosophy. Cortical Communications produces original science communication content as well as workshops for project management and organization building. Evidentiary delivers evidence-based and collaborative input from diverse sources for business engagements and policy decisions. Together, ISIEC explores the science behind it all. He has also founded Parlance Educators, a boutique education firm offering one-on-one academic and organizational tutoring, test preparation, and project and presentation consulting. Parlance is equipped to help students from high school to graduate school. More than just a reservoir of content knowledge, Parlance is all about relating that information to you, the student. Dr. DuFresne's goal is to concentrate his lessons learned and lessons taught into his work tutoring students. He has accrued thousands of hours of one-on-one teaching and mentoring. And he is excited by all he will learn and by all the students he hopes to help in his work that lies ahead.