1954 Birth Born on February 2, 1954. In 1968 at 14 Years Old The band's trombonist Belly gave Chino informal lessons during rehearsal breaks and it wasn't long before Chino formed his first band on the Lower East Side, simply called Chino Rodriguez and his Orchestra in 1968-69. Like most young bands, they rehearsed incessantly with paid gigs here and there, usually the round of weddings, birthdays, and private parties familiar to every young band. After high school Chino studied improvisation with the late Barry Rogers and Jose Rodriguez, trombonist in Eddie Palmieri's band. "Barry Rogers and José Rodriguez... were the very best Salsa trombonists of the late 60's and early 70's", Chino said in a 2010 interview. "Between the two it was like going to Harvard and Yale. Barry taught me improv and sight reading and José taught me breathing and tone with power." That early playing experience inspired him to continue working with many bands and companies, large and small, within the music industry in the late '60s and '70s. He met Salsa artists and producers Larry and Andy Harlow and would often sing coro at their gigs. At parties and clubs all over the city Chino met and networked with Latin music pioneers such as Harvey Averne, the late Jerry Masucci, Ralph Mercado, and José Cubello. Chino told music journalist Ian Morrison, "Back in the day once I started hanging out with Larry Harlow, things started to happen, I got more focused and since I met a lot of the promoters / club owners I started getting more work around the New York Area. In the 1970s heyday of Latin music in New York you had to be good to 'cut the mustard.' Chino moved to Florida in 2002 to use his new knowledge base and reconnect with the Tropical Salsa business. Chino's Booking Agency aquired many artist among his new clients was Emmy-winning Latino comedian Mike Robles, who grew up in the same area of Manhattan as Chino (as well as Jennifer Lopez). Chino booked Mike at college campuses throughout the country during Hispanic History Month and Latin heritage celebrations. "Chino is smart, and he definitely knows how to market an artist", Mike said in 2010. "I was impressed by his passion for what he does. Chino's a tough negotiator but he's straightforward with you. He reminds me of old-school business guys, straight up,